The Speect CMU Arctic slt voice, version 1.0 is free and open
source software.

It is distributed under a MIT license as approved by the Open Source
Initiative (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php), and
the Free Software Foundation (http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/license-list.html).  
The license is as follows:

=====================================================================

   Copyright (c) 2011 The Department of Arts and Culture,
   The Government of the Republic of South Africa.

   Contributors:  Meraka Institute, CSIR, South Africa.

   Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
   obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
   files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
   restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
   modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
   of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
   furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above
   copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
   all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

   THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
   EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
   NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
   BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
   ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
   CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
   SOFTWARE.

=====================================================================


The voice was built from the CMU Arctic slt voice which is licensed
as follows:

=====================================================================

This voice is free for use for any purpose (commercial or otherwise)
subject to the pretty light restrictions detailed below.


                                                                       
                     Carnegie Mellon University                        
                         Copyright (c) 2003                            
                        All Rights Reserved.                           
                                                                       
  Permission to use, copy, modify, and licence this software and its
  documentation for any purpose, is hereby granted without fee,
  subject to the following conditions:
   1. The code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of    
      conditions and the following disclaimer.                         
   2. Any modifications must be clearly marked as such.                
   3. Original authors' names are not deleted.                         
                                                                       
  THE AUTHORS OF THIS WORK DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
  SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
  FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
  INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
  RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
  CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
  CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
                                                                       
  See http://www.festvox.org/cmu_arctic/ for more details              
                                                                       
=====================================================================


The voice includes data from cmudict.0.7a


=====================================================================

CMUdict
-------

CMUdict (the Carnegie Mellon Pronouncing Dictionary) is a free
pronouncing dictionary of English, suitable for uses in speech
technology and is maintained by the Speech Group in the School of
Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University.

The Carnegie Mellon Speech Group does not guarantee the accuracy of
this dictionary, nor its suitability for any specific purpose. In
fact, we expect a number of errors, omissions and inconsistencies to
remain in the dictionary. We intend to continually update the
dictionary by correction existing entries and by adding new ones. From
time to time a new major version will be released.

We welcome input from users: Please send email to Alex Rudnicky
(air+cmudict@cs.cmu.edu).

The Carnegie Mellon Pronouncing Dictionary, in its current and
previous versions is Copyright (C) 1993-2008 by Carnegie Mellon
University.  Use of this dictionary for any research or commercial
purpose is completely unrestricted.  If you make use of or
redistribute this material we request that you acknowledge its origin
in your descriptions.

If you add words to or correct words in your version of this
dictionary, we would appreciate it if you could send these additions
and corrections to us (air+cmudict@cs.cmu.edu) for consideration in a
subsequent version. All submissions will be reviewed and approved by
the current maintainer, Alex Rudnicky at Carnegie Mellon.

=====================================================================